(Kenpachi gasping)
[Kenpachi Voiceover]
It happened again!
I blacked out.
-(metal banging)
-(Kenpachi gasping)
How many times is that?
I keep blacking out.
And when I come to,
I'm right back in the middle of
the fight where it left off.
(metal banging)
Oh yeah.
Damn, this brings back memories.
I've always loved a good battle,
but not usually to the
point where I get delirious.
That's only happened
once before,
on the day I first met
you and fought you.
("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
(singing in Japanese)
-("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
-(singing in Japanese)
(thunder rumbling)
(blade slicing)
(blood dripping)
Captain!
We've come up empty.
After searching through
this whole district,
we couldn't find any
opponent strong enough
to satisfy your needs, ma'am.
How did you know that was
what I was looking for?
I know that this sortie against
a mob of small-time
hoods was just
an excuse to feed your
hunger for battle.
And I also know that,
even after building this
mountain of corpses,
you're still dissatisfied.
(dramatic music)
[Retsu] A mountain of...
Where did that come from?
What?
This wasn't your doing, Captain?
(Retsu gasping)
(mysterious flute music)
How did that kid get up there?
(Retsu gasping)
[Retsu Voiceover] I was
bored, bored with fighting.
And so I searched
for an opponent
worthy of my sword,
one who would restore
my joy in battle.
(metal banging)
That must be why
our swords drew us
two weary souls together.
Such bliss.
It was the last
thing I expected.
I never imagined
I could experience
such joy crossing blades
with a mere child.
How could I have
known then that the
child would place
shackles on himself
as a result of our battle?
[Kenpachi Voiceover]
That landed!
I could only react to
her attacks before,
but now I can counter them.
It's almost as if
each time I black out,
I wake up feeling reborn.
[Retsu Voiceover]
Kenpachi Zaraki,
you're not even
aware of it, are you?
You don't realize that,
whenever you face a
strong opponent in battle,
you unconsciously
restrain your powers.
Think back.
Do you know why you lost your
battle with Ichigo Kurosaki?
Do you know why you nearly lost
your battle with Nnoitora Gilga?
Was it because they
were so strong?
That's how it must've
seemed to everyone else.
But I knew the real reason.
It was because, in each
instance, you held back.
You suppressed your power.
During our battle,
we both experienced
a sense of joy
such as we'd never felt.
The difference was, you found
joy fighting on the edge,
instead of fighting to win.
You learned that fighting me.
And that is my sin.
Everyone you'd ever met
had been weaker than you.
You had run out of enemies
to test your sword against.
Until you met me.
I was the first opponent you'd
ever encountered who
could rival your power.
But only rival it.
I was still the
weaker of us two.
I was the first worthy
foe you'd ever met.
And perhaps I'd be the last.
You thought that
if you killed me,
you might never again
feel the joy of battle.
And so, little by little,
you unconsciously lowered
yourself to my level.
You suppressed your power,
pushed it down into a deep,
dark place and sealed it away.
I was shocked by what I'd done.
It was my weakness
that had driven
you to suppress your power.
But then, one day I
realized something.
Every time you flirt with death
against a powerful foe,
you loosen your
shackles and begin
to return again to the
person you once were.
I am strong.
Stronger than anyone except you.
That is why I will kill you,
over and over again, a hundred,
a thousand times, if need be.
And that is why I will heal you
over and over again until you
return at least to
what you really are.
Then, you will
surpass me and reach
even greater heights
than I ever could!
(Kenpachi yelling)
(metal banging)
You thought you
had me, didn't you?
(Kenpachi gasping)
Guess again.
Why so surprised?
You of all people should know
why I mastered the art of
Kaido in the first place.
Bankai.
(upbeat violin music)
Minazuki.
(Kenpachi gasping)
(upbeat violin music)
Playtime is over.
(dramatic music)
(Kenpachi yelling)
(Retsu yelling)
(suspenseful violin music)
(Retsu sizzling)
-(suspenseful violin music)
-(metal banging)
(Kenpachi snickering)
-(suspenseful violin music)
-(blood splashing)
[Kenpachi Voiceover]
I'm melting.
(metal banging)
I'm melting away.
(Retsu gasping)
(intense choir singing)
This is fun.
What is this?
It's different this time.
All of it.
Everything feels different.
But why?
(Kenpachi gasping)
So that's it.
(metal banging)
(Kenpachi gasping)
I've been asleep all this time,
dreaming of our first encounter
and trying to
recapture that feeling
with every opponent
I've faced since.
All this time,
I never knew there was a name
for this kind of fighting.
But now, with your help,
I've finally learned
what it's called.
Thank you.
So this is it, then.
(metal banging)
This is it at last!
This is battle!
Hey.
You know something?
I love fighting.
I love it to death.
I love it so much I
can't even explain it!
[Retsu Voiceover] Yes, I know.
I probably knew it
long before you did.
Kenpachi Zaraki,
you acquired the ability
of suppressing yourself
so that you could enjoy
battle for eternity
while I learned the
art of healing myself
so that I could enjoy
battle for eternity.
But of one thing
I am certain now.
I acquired this power
for one purpose only:
to fight this battle!
-(metal banging)
-In any era,
there can only be one Kenpachi.
That is the rule, as well
as an inevitable fate.
For when the
strongest encounters
another who is just as strong,
they can no longer wield their
sword for their own sake.
When the time comes to point the
tip of their blade at this foe,
they must make a choice,
whether to kill their rival
or make them stronger.
I made my choice.
(blood dripping)
He is the one.
This child is the one
worthy of the name Kenpachi.
(Kenpachi snickering)
Farewell to you,
the one man in this world
who brought me true joy.
That was heaven,
Kenpachi Zaraki.
Now our battle is over.
(metal banging)
[Kenpachi] What
do you mean over?
(blood splashing)
Wait.
You're not gonna die.
No.
Don't go.
Not yet!
Don't leave me!
Please, don't die!
I'm begging you!
You can't die!
(Retsu chuckling)
[Retsu Voiceover] Such a child.
What is there for
you to cry about?
I know you think,
now that you've regained your
strength and defeated me,
you'll go back to
those days when
all your battles were boring,
when you had no one
else to play with.
But trust me,
you still have foes worthy
of crossing swords with
and comrades worthy
of bearing arms with.
And most important of all,
you have a new partner who has
awakened alongside you.
Everything I have
ever gained until now,
I relinquish to you.
Now I have nothing
left to give you.
Even the title of Kenpachi,
which I couldn't
give you back then,
has finally fallen
from my hands.
So rejoice, Kenpachi Zaraki.
Rejoice for me, as I pass away.
(Retsu sighing)
What indescribable bliss it is,
to die having accomplished
one's purpose.
[Zanpakuto] Kenpachi.
Kenpachi of Zaraki.
Who is that?
Why are you hiding
in the shadows?
Show yourself!
[Zanpakuto] You hear me.
So my voice has
finally reached you.
(Kenpachi gasping)
Yes, it's me,
the one who has
been watching you
longer and more
closely than anyone.
All right.
Who the hell are
you supposed to be?
Kenpachi.
Kenpachi of Zaraki.
[Zanpakuto] It's nice to
meet you, Kenpachi Zaraki.
My name is...
(bright violin music)
(explosion)
Looks like nobody's here.
-(Renji yelling)
-(Ichigo yelling)
(upbeat rock music)
(Renji yelling)
[Ichigo] What is that noise?
Ayo!
Put your hands together
and make some noise!
'Cause the boss is in the house!
-(Renji growling)
-(Ichigo growling)
I'm the one and only
original Zanpakuto Creator.
Oh-Etsu Nimaiya, y'all!
S-I-K-U-Y-O-R-O!
That means like, yo, what's up,
how ya doin', how's it hangin'?
Zanpakuto!
Love it!
(gun firing)
(glass breaking)
[Girls] Welcome to the Hoohden!
(Kon gasping)
Look how smooth
their chests are!
Where the hell are we?
[Kon] Paradise!
We're in paradise!
-Stay on your guard.
-Hello handsome.
They're probably illusions or
some kind of
creatures in disguise.
-(Kon squeaking)
-Shut up, will ya?
Ayo, welcome, Kurosaki,
welcome, Arbarai,
and welcome to you,
little stuffed animal guy.
So what did you
guys think of that
bangin' opening number of mine?
Pretty dope, wasn't it?
So, anyway, let me
introduce myself again.
I'm the master of this
Hoohden, Oh-Etsu Nimaiya.
What's up!
Boom, boom, bappity-bap!
Yeah!
Hey, can you deal with this guy?
It's his vibe.
It's like really putting me off.
Are you nuts?
I don't wanna go
anywhere near his vibe.
[Oh-Etsu] Something's
not right here.
I can tell you're
not digging this.
You wanna leave?
-(Ichigo growling)
-(Renji growling)
-(Ichigo sighing)
-(Renji sighing)
[Ichigo] No, sir!
[Renji] Please let us stay, sir!
(Oh-Etsu sighing)
Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah!
Wrong!
Man, you really don't know the
first thing about groveling.
Let me show you boys how
you grovel around here.
Please, sir!
[Ichigo] There's no
way I'm doing that!
Hey, what choice have we got?
Just do what he says!
Damn it!
-Please, sir!
Oh wee! Nice pose!
Hey, check it out.
They look like a couple
of complete idiots.
-That bastard!
(Oh-Etsu chuckling)
[Mera] All right,
enough already!
-(Oh-Etsu yelling)
-Let's get on with it!
[Oh-Etsu] Mera!
I was just havin' a little fun.
(Oh-Etsu sighing)
[Mera] You two.
Follow me.
(ominous music)
This is the real Hoohden.
You serious?
[Mera] Go on in.
I don't wanna go
in that outhouse!
I like the other one better,
the one with the
beautiful women!
Yeah, I do too, little
stuffed animal dude!
It's so much better!
I totally agree, brother!
-(Ichigo screaming)
-(Renji screaming)
(thud)
[Ichigo] This place keeps
getting better and better.
Hey! What the hell is going on?
I wonder.
Did you two happen
to notice something?
This may come as
a surprise to you,
but I'm the only living,
breathing Soul Reaper you've
met since you got here.
(Ichigo gasping)
Those lovely ladies
you saw earlier
were in fact Zanpakuto.
They were what?
You heard me, chump.
They were Zanpakuto, every
single last one of 'em.
Shit.
You're supposed to
be Soul Reapers.
You can't even tell a
Zanpakuto when you see one?
You guys are
absolutely pathetic!
But then, what can
you expect from
a couple of guys so
careless they'd allow
something like this to
happen to their Zanpakuto?
Hey, hey! Don't even
think about it!
(metal breaking)
-(Ichigo gasping)
-(Renji gasping)
Look at that.
Man, it's so easy
to break a Zanpakuto
when it hasn't
been given all the
love and respect it deserves.
Maybe that kind
of neglect is why
you're surrounded by some very
angry Zanpakuto right now.
Maybe if you two make
it out of there alive,
I'll consider fixing
your Zanpakuto.
What?
Okay, let's try it again!
Who's the one and only
original Zanpakuto Creator?
You got 10 seconds.
10, nine, eight, seven.
Ah, to hell with it! Give up?
-(Meru sighing)
-Anyone?
It's Oh-Etsu Nimaiya!
But I don't create
swords for losers.
Losers?
Would you prefer I
called you suckers?
Forget about him.
There's something down here.
[Ichigo] I know.
Ain't nothing to be
afraid of, really.
You've heard of the
ultimate Zanpakuto
that can become anything?
The Asauchi?
They're Asauchi?
That's right,
those nameless
Zanpakuto that are
provisionally issued to trainees
during their time at the Academy
and then officially
re-issued to them
when they become members of
the 13 Court Guard Squads.
Every Soul Reaper
eats and sleeps
with their Asauchi
and trains with it
relentlessly until finally,
by imprinting the essence
of their soul on it,
they've created their own
personalized Zanpakuto.
And who makes each
and every one of those
Asauchi that are so important to
defending the Soul Society?
Me. That's why they
call me the Blade God.
That's great, but
while you're yapping,
you mind telling us why these
things are attacking us?
Oh, is it really that
important to know why?
They just are.
Anyway, I already told you,
they're very angry with you.
About what?
[Oh-Etsu] About the way you
disrespect your Zanpakuto!
[Ichigo] What do you mean?
It ain't just the way
you swing it around
and it ain't just the way
you fling it on the ground.
Nah, see, respect
is like a sword.
It cuts both ways, if
you know what I mean.
Them boys won't ever respect you
till you show 'em you
deserve their respect, sucka.
So now, are you ready to rumble?
-(Ichigo growling)
-(Renji growling)
(metal banging)
("Saihate" by SennaRin)
(singing in Japanese)
(thud)
That's 71 hours and 48 minutes.
Who would've thought
you'd ever last that long?
I'm actually impressed.
You've passed with
flying colors, Renji.
(Renji growling)
As for you, you've
failed with a big,
fat capital F, Ichigo!
Wait.
Gimme a chance. Hold on.
[Oh-Etsu] Nope! That's it!
You failed, you
flunked, you're done,
the end, toodle-loo!
But I can still keep going!
Who said I'm done?
It's not like there's
a time limit, is there?
There's no time limit,
but there is an emotional limit.
I'm not saying you
couldn't go on,
but you weren't
chosen by an Asauchi.
It just ain't gonna happen, bro.
Game over.
So you give my regards to
everybody is Loserville, 'kay?
[Ichigo] Wait!
[Oh-Etsu] Aw, quit
whining, will ya?
So you've been rejected.
Big deal! Suck it up.
Take it like a man!
Over the last three days,
Renji's shown that
he's a Soul Reaper,
while you, Ichigo, are not.
It is what it is.
But don't worry.
I've booked you a window
seat on a return flight,
so pack up.
It's time for you to go home.
(Ichigo gasping)
What?
[Oh-Etsu] Mera.
Pull him out of there, will you?
On it.
Wait! You're not serious!
You're joking, right?
Oh. And one more thing.
Don't ever come back to
the Soul Society again.
The Soul Society is the
land of Soul Reapers.
An ordinary human
without a Zanpakuto
has no right even being here.
Hey!
The hell with that!
You really think I'm gonna walk
away after coming this far?
Just because you say so?
If I left now, what
would happen to Zangetsu?
Far as that goes,
it don't matter whether
you leave or not!
Zangetsu ain't gonna
get fixed anyway.
Not ever!
Not by me, at least.
(Ichigo growling)
I know what you're thinking.
"Yo, but Oh-Etsu Nimaiya,
you're the one and only
original Zanpakuto Creator!
You're the Blade God, man!"
I don't create swords
for phony Soul Reapers.
You bastard!
(Ichigo yelling)
Peace out, my brother.
You take care now.
You're just no damn good
to us as you are, Ichigo.
There's the fact that
no Asauchi chose you,
and the fact that
you've fought this long
without even having an Asauchi,
and then there's the fact that
you don't even get
what that means.
Yo, man, you need
to go back, Ichigo.
Way, way, back.
Back to your roots.
You need to find out
where you come from, boy.
(rain falling)
(Ichigo gasping)
Even if finding out means that
you can never return again.
[Masaki] "You, without sin,
are like the sun."
-("Saihate" by SennaRin)
-(singing in Japanese)